FINN: I don't want to argue.
Look. it's done. I'm out.
ED:
What do you mean you're done?
Are you crazy? Seriously?
Thirty years. Finn.
Thirty years!
She's a child.
you're a grown man!
You could have grandchildren
older than her.
Where's your dignity?
Dignity is what I'm
taking back.
ED SCOFFS
Come on.
Marian will find you
and kill you.
FINN SCOFFS
- Both of you.
HE CHUCKLES
Yeah?
No.
No. she won't.
Because you're gonna
make sure she never finds out.
You took us there!
What you know about them.
you can't just walk away.
It's done. Ed.
It's over to you now.
Alexander runs the money.
Let Sean build his buildings.
I'm giving you everything. Ed
and all you have to do
is keep this to yourself.
That's all you have to do.
Finn!
You can't just walk away!
FINN:
It's all yours now. Ed.
ED (VO):
We met as young teenagers
on the streets of London.
A city of closed doors.
By the time we were done...
there would not be
one single door
in this city that we could not
get behind.
He led. I followed.
And I am so proud to have worked
for the man all these years.
I dedicate my heart
and soul to you.
HE SIGHS
VOICEMAIL:
Hello. this is Dave's Mechanics.
Please leave a message
after the beep
and we'll get back to you.
- VOICEMAIL BEEPS
Vic. yeah. it's me. Listen.
I'm looking at a lot of faces
on my wall
and something is missing.
Someone is missing.
There's someone else
above all this.
POP MUSIC PLAYS
DRILLS WHIR
IN KURDISH:
You need to get
these shipments moving.
I'm with him.
I don't want any more hold-ups.
- OK.
Let's go faster.
Go!
- ENGINE STARTS
DOOR OPENS
IN KURDISH:
Mm-hm.
SEAN ON PHONE:
Does Luan know?
No. he's unaware the transfer
didn't go through
last night.
SEAN:
How long have we got?
We don't need a war
with the Albanians.
HE SIGHS
Not long.
Luan's in business
with Uche Mossanya.
Uche Mossanya?
"Mosi".
Nigerian gangster. nasty.
The money's owed to him.
Luan's the only person standing
between us at the moment.
Who the fuck did this?
Who got into our accounts
and stole half a billion?
I'm working on it.
We'll find it.
Where are you?
I'm at the Belvedere Tower
watching the contractors
sign off on the new build.
It's looking very impressive.
Sean
I think you're going to be
very happy with it.
We need to stick closer
than ever
if we want to survive this.
You know you don't need
to say that. Sean.
Don't 1?
You're not always there
when someone takes a shot at me.
HE SIGHS
He knows I'm lying.
We can't keep this up.
We should've just told him
in the beginning.
Told him what. Alex?
That his father didn't believe
in him enough
to trust him with the business?
That he wanted you
to run it instead?
That he was gonna run off
and leave his family?
And all while Sean was preparing
his father's grave.
Or should I have told him even
our investors want him dead
and you in charge?
I was protecting him.
Fucking Finn.
What if it's worse?
Worse?
You didn't know
about Finn's deal
with Luan
and the Albanian family.
What else do you think Finn
hadn't told you?
Must've crossed your mind.
He had both the access
and the knowledge
to take that money.
He's dead. Alex.
Doesn't mean he hadn't already
set the wheels in motion.
Then that would mean...
he fucked us all.
CONSOLE BEEPS
MAN IN URDU:
HE SIGHS
DRONE WHIRS
TYRES SQUEAL
IN KURDISH:
MAN IN URDU:
GUNFIRE
- WOMAN SCREAMS
INDISTINCT SHOUTS
AND SCREAMS
GUNFIRE ON SCREEN
GUNFIRE
PEOPLE SCREAM
- GLASS SHATTERS
GUNFIRE AND SCREAMS
ON SCREEN
IN URDU:
MAN IN URDU:
LALE COUGHS
Hekar...
Hekar!
DOOR OPENS
IN ALBANIAN:
DISTANT CHATTER
ELLIOT: The place belonged
to a Tove Frandsen.
Mercenary from Denmark.
Special Forces.
When you raid the place.
you'll find a weapons cache
next to her kids' toys.
The licensed taxi you were
looking for is registered
to a Leif Hansen
at a different address.
OK...
Anything else?
Why don't you look surprised?
Someone broke into my flat
a week ago...
took a boxcutter to my mouth
in my sleep.
and sent me the video.
They're trying to warn me off
Floriana.
Why didn't you tell me?
Finn's murder inquiry's
been shut down.
I don't know who to trust.
You can trust me.
OFFICERS:
Armed Police!
OFFICER 1: We've entered
the property at location one.
OFFICER 2:
Arriving at second location.
OFFICERS:
Armed police!
OFFICER 2:
Entering property two.
OFFICERS SHOUT
Clear!
OFFICER 1:
Property one. clear.
OFFICER 2: Starting search
and sweep of property two.
OFFICER 1: ...all clear
in property one. over.
OFFICER:
All clear. ma'am.
Yep...
Just a few animals. really.
Yeah...
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. Yep.
DI Chung.
Interesting place.
You live here?
Yes. I'm a retired nurse.
Anyone else?
- My son.
Where is he?
At work. He's an engineer.
ENGINES START
MUFFLED THUD
SHE GRUNTS
SEAN:
Find Lale.
ELECTRICITY SPARKS
ELLIOT SIGHS
SEAN:
You find anything?
She's not there.
Let's scrub this down!
Everything.
MAN:
Yes. boss.
This never happened.
This is Asif.
it needs an answer.
Yeah. Yeah. it does.
Let mein on it.
Sorting things out. I can help.
Yeah. good.
MAN:
Right. keep looking.
SEAN:
This is Asif. has to be.
ED: And we need to make good
with him.
Asif attacking Lale
is an attack on us.
No. It's an attack on Lale.
You bet on the wrong dog. mate.
ED: Now is not the time
for further risks.
You'll just be throwing petrol
on the fire
one we can't control.
How close are you to finding out
who stole the half a billion?
He knows.
- PHONE CHIMES
ALEX:
Mosi's in London.
ED:
Half of the money was his.
ALEX: He'll go after Luan
first but we should be ready.
MAN:
Take the legs. go on...
Come on. man. let's go.
OK. one. two. three...
- THEY GRUNT
DOOR OPENS
MOSI:
Gentlemen.
My money is gone.
The Wallaces. Luan Dushaj
and the bankers have
stolen from me.
They are all thieves.
IN NIGERIAN PIDGIN:
PEOPLE YELL AND SCREAM
MEN YELL
INDISTINCT SHOUTS AND SCREAMS
PEOPLE SCREAM
MAN YELLS
Go?
- Mm.
WOMAN SCREAMS
MUSIC: "The Blue Danube"
by Johann Strauss II
KNOCK ON DOOR
DOG WHINES
DOG BARKS
- Zeus. Enough.
MAN BREATHES SHAKILY
There's no money here.
We're not a bank!
It's just numbers. you see?
Just numbers!
No. no. no!
Please! Please!
Please. please. no!
No. no!
CHILDREN SHRIEK
POP MUSIC PLAYS
Dad!
This is going to be chaos!
Please. it's her birthday today.
For Mummy. behave.
Oh. thank you so much!
Thank you. thank you.
thank you.
This girl will be spoiled
by all of this!
GIRLS SHRIEK
DEVICE BEEPS AND CLICKS
Luan?
- It'll be OK.
Brought a gift
for the birthday girl.
Something a little different.
Good to see you. Mosi.
What are you doing here?
You thought it would work?
Stealing from me.
Everything is fine.
the money has gone through.
Not my money. You took it.
Mosi. please.
that's not possible!
You caught us out.
It was a mistake. then?
That you stole from us. yes.
No. no. no.
- Our deal is off.
We are being set up. man.
Repay everything.
Mosi. this has to be
the Wallaces--
Or I butcher everyone
you hold precious.
Every single one of them.
What's her name?
- My name's Bukoroshe.
MOS:
Ah. Such a pretty name...
Bukoroshe.
Oh. a puppy!
MOSI CHUCKLES
DOG BARKS
- BUKOROSHE: I love him!
You made a mistake. man.
All of the money.
NEWSREADER:
...where 11 employees
from the Adige investment house
have been found
with their hands severed
at the wrist.
In other news. the controversial
Belvedere tower
will open today as planned--
IN ALBANIAN:
BALL THUDS ON WINDOW
INDISTINCT CHATTER
WOMAN: I think he's just
holding onto what happened...
DISTANT SIREN WAILS
CAR HORN HONKS
WOMAN 2: Cos you can't
afford it. that's why!
MAN SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY
CHURCH BELL CHIMES
You're a fucking liar. Ed.
Where's my money?
You said we had a deal.
I have to kill a fucking family
for this.
You understand?
I should put a fucking bullet
in your brain right now.
It's not us. Luan.
We don't know where it is.
What do you mean you don't know?
- It's gone.
And whoever took your money
took ours as well
so killing me won't change that.
LUAN BREATHES SHAKILY
I'm out of fucking time. man.
Mosi won't wait any longer.
You have to help me. Ed.
Luan.
Mosi is your problem.
not ours.
We're honouring your deal
with Finn
not your deal with Mosi.
When we find out who took
our money
we'll both claim back
what's ours.
Until then...
we're all on our own.
PHONE DIALS
IN ALBANIAN:
DISTANT SIRENS WAIL
So where you taking us?
Somewhere close.
You'll like it.
Yeah. it's really nice.
Get in there...
DANNY:
Wow. cool. a motorbike!
SHANNON:
Careful on this. please.
ELLIOT:
Alright. where we going?
DANNY: Italy.
- ELLIOT: Where in Italy?
DANNY:
Uh. Rome.
Rome!
- SHANNON LAUGHS
You gonna tell us
when we get there. yeah?
DANNY: Yep!
- OK.
Uh. D-Danny? Danny.
DANNY: Yeah?
- Why don't you go and see
how they're getting on
with our food. yeah?
OK. Mum.
- Good boy.
He is a good kid.
MUSIC: "Cry To Me"
by Solomon Burke
Are you alright?
# Come on. come on #
# Cry tome #
If this all goes wrong
do you have a fire escape?
- Why. what's happened?
Earlier today. I had to help
get rid of a dozen bodies.
Hold on.
were Dad or Alex involved?
No. no. none of us were.
OK.
After Finn's death...
the rivalry...
it's getting worse out there.
SHANNON:
What is it?
That can't ever be you.
Well...
I've had a bag packed
ever since it went wrong
with Danny's father.
Passports. cash.
Danny and me. we're gone.
So what about your fire escape?
Would you. um...
would you come with us?
# Don't you feel like crying? #
# Come on... #
CAMERA CLICKS
And even if it does
go all wrong...
INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE
CAMERA CLICKS
...Dad's been worrying me
actually.
He just seems so lost
without Finn--
Hey.
Come away from the window.
- What?
Come on.
CAMERA CLICKS
ELLIOT:
Hey.
VICKY: We got nothing from
those two addresses you gave me.
No leads. no clues.
That house was packed
with evidence.
Yeah. if by "packed"
you mean an empty garage
and a hungry eel then yeah.
you were right.
So they were expecting you.
which means you have a link.
Why the fuck have you got
a UC following me?
What?
I should have known
from the beginning
the way he holds his gun
making himself useful
just like me.
Who the fuck put him there?
How do you even know
he's undercover?
I caught him taking pictures
of me and Shannon.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that maybe
he's connected with
whoever's cleaned those houses
before you raided them.
I need him pulled out.
I don't care who he works for.
I cannot operate with him
on my back.
Now. he doesn't know I know
about him yet.
I'll set him up.
you can arrest him
with a bunch of others.
make it look like--
Woah. woah. woah.
Who do you think you are?
That is way too high risk.
Me being under surveillance
is too high risk.
This is how UCs get killed.
Dot.
HARKS:
He's lost his mind.
He takes a bullet
for Sean Wallace
then goes above and beyond
and sleeps with Ed Dumani's
daughter.
Let me level with him.
If I could work with him.
we could do some serious damage.
And what if he chooses
Shannon Dumani and her son
instead of you?
I'm pulling him out.
It might take a little while
to set up.
You'll be briefed
on everything he found out
and I'll keep you in.
If you're up for it?
Colin.
Been a while.
DOOR OPENS
Typical warm Irish welcome.
WOMAN: I always knew
that someday you'd be back.
Despite the fact you set me up
on a one-way ticket.
I didn't set you up.
You didn't try and stop it.
They would've killed us both.
So best to have your
little sister
blown to pieces instead. hmm?
You deserved it.
All dead now. that crowd.
DOOR OPENS
- Who killed your man?
I'm still working on that.
And now you want
to give us a yacht?
What would we do with a yacht?
He paid 36 million for it.
Sell it.
You'll get at least
a third of that.
I heed your support.
I need your men.
DISTANT DOG BARKS
- VEHICLE APPROACHES
What have you done. Marian?
Oh. shit!
MAN:
Everything alright. Colin?
Marian fucking Wallace
back from the dead.
You gave us up.
To Asif!
You gave us up!
No. no. no.
Then where was the Wallace
protection. huh?
Where!
Where is it now?
How did you just get to me?
It's fucked. is what it is.
All your people...
I saw them.
I let you down.
And I'm truly sorry.
I can't go against
Asif right now.
There's too much happening.
But I will...
and soon.
- I can't wait for "soon".
What do you want to do?
Take what he most cherishes.
VIDEO CALL RINGS
Latest poll has you in the lead.
Tomorrow you will
sweep to victory.
These scumbag journalists
are calling me
"The Galloping Horse" candidate.
Good slogan.
Backing you to win!
"Horse" is English slang
for heroin.
Ah...
- Yeah.
They are linking me
to my drug-dealing father.
An outrageous slur.
I'm not a dealer!
And the attack on Lale?
That was your blunt hand. yes?
That was my strong hand!
IN URDU:
HE SIGHS
KNOCK ON DOOR
WOMAN: You're gonna
wanna see this.
NEWSREADER: ...shocked
by the escalating violence
on the streets of London
as highlighted by the Adige
Investment House massacre.
A police spokesman suggested
a connection to a surge
in violent gangland crime
following the recent shooting
of businessman Finn Wallace
who was patron
of the Wallace Foundation.
His body was--
They attacked one of the oldest
and most trusted
investment houses in the city.
I mean. do you have
any understanding
what that will do
for business confidence?
Yeah. well. maybe killing
Finn Wallace
wasn't such a smart move.
Close of business today
I wanna know
that your son is in control.
Or none of you will be.
CAMERA CLICKS
PHONE RINGS
Alex?
ALEX:
It has to be Finn.
And it's not just Luan's money
that's gone
there's three more
empty accounts
it's over a billion and a half.
It was Finn Wallace.
No question.
CAMERA CLICKS
ED: Alex. don't say anything
to anyone until I get there.
You found anything yet?
No. no. No. nothing yet.
I keep coming back
to Luan's photos.
Look.
That's the one
I keep looking at.
That's not who my father was.
Or he had an overwhelming
reason to do what he did.
He was protecting us
from something. something huge.
Dad's big weakness...
he could never confide
in us when things went bad.
SEAN SNAPS FINGERS
You'd tell me. right?
Yeah.
Wallace and Dumani...
no one can fuck us over.
ELLIOT: Got a job
for you tomorrow.
We need some guns picking up
from a car park
over in the East End.
Sean's orders?
The fuck are you asking me
questions for?
VEHICLE APPROACHES
Mrs Wallace has brought
back her own army with her.
ELLIOT:
I'll let Sean know.
Welcome back. Mrs Wallace.
Get them food.
Wait in there.
CAMERA CLICKS
MEN CHATTER AND LAUGH
CHATTER STOPS ABRUPTLY
LAUGHTER AND CHATTER RESUMES
Who the fuck are you?
I work for Mrs Wallace.
Fuck's sake.
Who was that?
Who are those men
in the boardroom?
What the fuck
have you been doing?
Protecting you.
I've always known Ed was lying.
From the very beginning.
Remember.
we only just found out.
Do you think they'll listen
to reason?
Not a chance.
But there's only one way
out of this.
DOOR OPENS
DANNY:
Granny!
DANNY CHUCKLES
I wasn't expecting Danny.
Oh. I thought it was
a "family meeting".
Hey!
MEN LAUGH AND CHATTER
Yeah. well.
I couldn't get a sitter.
Danny will be fine
by himself in another room.
Sorry. what is the problem?
What's going on?
INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES
Take Danny to the office
and stay with him.
No. I want Elliot in the room.
- Just families.
OK.
Let's go. big man.
Hi.
DOOR OPENS
DOOR CLOSES
Let's go!
Hi. Dad.
- Hey.
Hey.
- THEY KISS
Hey. babe.
VIDEO GAME MUSIC PLAYS
DANNY:
Elliot. come on!
Shh...
You've got some explaining
to do.
How long had you known
about Floriana?
Alexander didn't know anything.
- I didn't ask about Alexander.
ED: I'd known
for a couple of months.
You lied to me.
You knew Finn was leaving us?
He only told me
that on the day he was killed.
HE SCOFFS
You've known since then?
I kept it quiet for the sake
of keeping things together.
You kept it quiet
because you were in on it!
You two were always gonna
fucking take over.
That's not true.
- Oh. I'm gonna get to you
in a minute.
- Sean...
I watched you fall to pieces
after Finn's death.
You needed to believe in him.
we all did.
For the sake of the business.
I kept back what I knew
to keep things straight.
- SEAN LAUGHS
Straight? There's nothing
straight about you.
You've been tagged
since day one
at Jack's flat. exact times.
Arrives 7:40. departs 9:10.
The night you killed him.
Jack knew about Finn and
Floriana leaving together.
Again. for the good
of the family.
Your meetings with Jevan?
Were they for the good
of the family?
SEAN: Whoever tried to kill me
made sure you two went unharmed.
We didn't know that at the time.
- Tsk.
No. no. We've held back
on too much already.
We should've let them in
on things way before
it came to this.
- Whoa. whoa. What things?
When we found out who killed
your father
that it was the same people
who tried to kill you.
It was our own investors!
OK. OK.
So. why didn't you tell me?
Because. Sean.
you were out of control.
Out of your control!
INDISTINCT CHATTER
ED:
What I said at Finn's funeral...
about a good man. those words
were true to me then.
Even though I knew he wanted
a second chance at life.
Some old man's fantasy.
with some pretty girl
but he was still my friend.
Until we found out
what he'd really done.
Look. we both knew
that Finn had Luan kill
this boy along with his family.
What we didn't know until today
was why.
Finn had created a parallel
business for himself.
It wasn't sustainable
he robs new investors
to pay off the old ones
including this boy's father.
He stole from him to pay off
an increasing deficit
but he had no intention
of paying him back
so instead he had him killed.
him and his entire family.
But it still wasn't enough
so he stole the half billion
from Luan and the Nigerians.
I saw that money disappear
in front of my eyes
we both did.
A couple of timed bank transfers
triggered a week after
he would have left.
By the time he planned to vanish
he'd taken
over a billion and a half.
And he took it from each
and every one
in this room.
OK. OK. OK. so...
if it's true. you knew today.
when I asked you.
Honestly.
I'd only just found out and...
I couldn't find the words
to say it
I didn't want it to be true.
- No. it's because it's
a fucking lie!
- Sean. you know how much--
Oh. shut up!
- Fuck off.
Shannon!
Your meeting with Jevan today.
what was that about?
Our investors killed Finn
because he was leaving.
They are prepared to let
the business continue
on condition that Alexander runs
the Wallace Organisation.
And Sean?
What did you decide for Sean?
They don't want Sean
anywhere near it.
And neither did Finn.
ALEX: Wait!
- GUNSHOT
INDISTINCT SHOUTS
ELLIOT:
Calm down!
It's alright. calm down!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Danny! Danny!
He was always jealous
of my father. but you?
You fucking Judas cunt.
If I ever see you again.
I'll kill you!
Now take your scumbag
father away.
Elliot! They clear up
their own mess.
Get out of my fucking house!
ED GRUNTS
I don't want you going near
Shannon Dumani ever again.
Understood?
Understood.
It's you and me now.
They'll come after you.
You can't stay here.
MARIAN:
OK. OK. it's alright...
You're OK. Yeah...
It's OK. it'll be alright.
It's alright.
SEAN SOBS
- Shh...
DOOR SHUTS
- HE SOBS